welcome to the hottest car reviews
proudly brought to you by car shop 0.0
with your host Luke Preston our local
motoring enthusiast bringing you the
best reviews right here right now so be
sure to visit our website for the best
deals and latest offers hey guys welcome
to a brand new episode of cosmic drive
today we're checking out one of the
cheapest most portable cars in Sulekha
doesn't come without its controversy
dirt that's the debts and go
hey guys today's reviews over here
hello this is the brand-new bunch of
ocean so we start again hello this is
the brand-new and controversial debts
and go why controversial well as most of
you know the go went through the global
endcap test system and pay elders
believe it actually scored no stars
whatsoever what is the global n cap
system while it's like the euro in cap
but for really really cheap cars that's
a little unfair though because what the
report doesn't states is that some of
the cheap cars like the Ford Figo the VW
Polo and the Suzuki Swift scored exactly
the same really really badly now I just
need to reiterate that in South Africa
we don't get those cars we actually get
the cars which have abs and airbags it
costs ninety one thousand three hundred
and no it isn't actually the cheapest
car in South Africa that goes to the
cherry qq3
with its eight hundred CCS thirty eight
kilowatts 70 Newton meters this model
you see here is actually the luxury
model and what you get on the outside is
opposed to the budgets entry-level model
at well you don't see very many
differences you get body coloured door
handles and if you speak to your debts
and dealer really really nicely I might
throw in these window trims and this
lovely sporty rear spoiler it has a boot
thankfully and one of the more
frustrating budget features of this car
that in order to open the boot well
you've got to flick this little switch
it's a decent-size of God seriously and
well yeah it's a beauty so what's it
like in the back
well pretty Spartan to be honest that's
not as cramped as you'd imagine on the
back of the go actually and this decent
knee room and bedroom full my 6-foot
frame as I said earlier this is the lux
model and while you get electric windows
in the front you'll have to make do with
good old wanders in the back so what's
it like on the inside of debts and go
well not as bad as you think actually
there are a few quick slur this front
bench seats is a bit reminiscent of the
old debts and 1400 champ which became a
legend in South Africa is it actually a
three plus three seater no because
you're not gonna fit anyone in this
little bit and well it doesn't really
serve much of a purpose other than maybe
a spot to hold your iphone fire it out
and immediately settles into that family
earth sorry that was the electric
central locking and it immediately
settles into a three cylinder thrum like
other little budget motors on the market
it's all of 1.2 litres and doesn't go as
badly as you would expect actually
another little quick you wouldn't expect
to see on a small cars the handbrake
which is actually a poodle up lever
model like you'd get on the old Bucky's
release the handbrake and it sits
perfectly on the spot that's gonna jam
into your knee which it does for most of
the journey
personal 1.23 cylinder Annie develops 50
kilowatts and 104 Newton meters of
torque which sounds as low as it is
actually and if you really river it in
the airless it makes one hell of a
record any incline like we are here and
you're gonna have to be prepared to
change down a few coke because that 104
Newton meters really is it all doom and
gloom with the deaths and go well not
completely the 1.2 liter 3-cylinder
engine is a cheerful little performer
and is mated to a five-speed manual
gearbox which is more than up for day to
day duty the go is also fairly
comfortable and handles ratchet and
potholed roads perfectly well fitted as
standard spec as a drive computer which
displays average and instant fuel
consumption and also accommodates a
digital tachometer other features on the
luxury model includes electric windows
for the front mobile docking station
amplifier universal mobile holder
auxilary in USB port and manual central
locking four hundred and two thousand
five hundred grand the deathsinger
lacks ship standard was a three year
hundred thousand kilometer warranty with
the option of the service plan and let's
be honest the standard warranty and
prestige of owning a new car versus
stepping into something pre-owned will
perhaps be the deciding factor for those
in this entry there will market segment
separate for another episode make sure
to check us out in the comments like us
on Facebook check us out on Twitter also
a visit cross off the theaters video for
brand-new specials on cause these guys
check it out we'll see you next time